# Context and ChainEnv 

In [Quick Start](2.快速开始.md), we have seen how to customize an `Writing`, there are two parameters here, one is `context`, the other is `ChainEnv`, they represent two different
the use of.  


[Context](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/core/context) represents contextual information for interactions with off-chain. It includes `caller address`, `passed parameters` 、
`event`、`error`。  
 - The parameters passed in by the client caller (that is, the person who initiated the transaction) will be serialized in the form of json and stored in `context` in the form of `string -> interface{}` map.
   We use `context` to get the `cryptographic address` of the client caller and the `parameters` passed in by the caller. from `context`
   When getting parameters, you can use [any go basic type](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/core/context/params.go) to get parameters.
   If the parameter type is custom, you need to obtain `interface` through ``context.Get(paramName)`` and then convert it yourself. The types of parameters that can be directly obtained are:
 ```go
    common.Hash([32]byte)
    common.Address([20]byte)
    string
    []byte
    bool 
    int, int8, int16, int32, int64
    uint, uint8, uint16, uint32, uint64
    float32, float64
```  
 
   
 - At the same time, if you need to return `event` out of the chain, you also need to complete it through `context` (``ctx.EmitEvent([]byte)``).   
     
[ChainEnv](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/core/chain_env/env.go) contains all environment components related to all chains, including `blockchain`,
`txdb`, `txpool`, `state`, `Execute`, `P2pNetwork`. Components that can be directly manipulated by developers to the bottom layer of the framework.  