# Execution and Query  
Under normal circumstances, developers will use more `Execution` and `Query`, because these are basically external read and write interfaces at the business level. So in this section we look at how in `yu`
use them. The code is [here](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/core/tripod/dev/funcs.go)   

Defined as follows:
```go
type (
	Execution func(ctx *Context, currentBlock *CompactBlock) error
	
	Query func(ctx *Context, blockHash Hash) (respObj interface{}, err error)
	
	P2pHandler func([]byte) ([]byte, error)
)
```  
- `Execution` is called `transaction` in other blockchains such as Ethereum. In the final analysis, it is `a write operation to the state on the chain`, so such an operation will be synchronized to the entire network.
  When you need to modify the state on the chain, you need to call `chainEnv.KVDB` to modify the state. Note that the first parameter of the `set`, `get`, `delete` functions in `chainEnv.kvdb` must be the current `tripod`
  Pointer, such as `e.State.Set(e, ..., ...)` in [Quick Start](2.快速开始.md)  
  `currentBlock` is the block that the current transaction is in.  
  `ctx.EmitEvent()` is called when `event` needs to be sent off-chain.  


- `Query` is an on-chain query. It does not modify the on-chain state, so the operation will not be synchronized to the entire network. The parameter of `Query` is one more `common.Hash` than `Execution`, this parameter is a
  The block hash value is used to specify the historical state of a block at the moment of query. If it is not to query the historical state, we can ignore this parameter.    
  Status query calls `env.KVDB.Get()` or `env.KVDB.GetByBlockHash()`. The former is to query the status that the final consensus has been reached on the main chain; the latter is to query the status of a specific block.
  historical state.  
`respObj` is used to return the queried status value to the off-chain.    

  
- `P2pHandler` is to define and process requests from the P2P network. For example, when a node needs to broadcast or send a processing request to a specific node, this function can be customized to complete the custom function.

  
- `Inject into Tripod`：When building all our `Execution` and `Query`, we need to call `tripod.SetExecs()` to inject all `Execution` into `tripod`,
  And call `tripod.SetQueries()` to inject all `Query` into `tripod`.


- `Load into land`：The framework provides a [startup entry](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/startup/startup.go#L31) as long as the startup
  Load all the `tripod`s we built by calling `StartUp(...Tripod)`, thereby telling the framework which `tripod`s we have customized.  

#### About `defaultTripod`  
[defaultTripod](https://github.com/yu-org/yu/blob/master/tripod/ default_tripod.go)
It can help you write a lot less code, you need to put it in the first member variable of the `tripod` structure of your custom implementation (you must omit the variable name to achieve the effect of inheriting `defaultTripod`). 
as follows：   
```go
type Example struct {
	*tripod.DefaultTripod
}
```
